readme update and other minor stuff. (#1603)
e-valuation/EvaP: README.md

We'd love to see contributions, feel free to fork! You should probably branch off ``master``, the branch ``release`` is used for stable revisions.

Before committing, run the following commands:
- `./manage.py test`
- `./manage.py lint`
- `./manage.py format`

or, to combine all three, simply run `./manage.py precommit`

> To not have to do this manually all the time, we recommend you to set up `pylint` and `black` in your IDE.

Author: Maybe "We recommend you to set up ... in your IDE so you do not have to manually do this" or something?

> Before committing, run the following commands:
> - `./manage.py test`
> - `./manage.py lint`
> - `./manage.py format`
> 
> or, to combine all three, simply run `./manage.py precommit`
> 
> To not have to do this manually all the time, we recommend you to set up `pylint` and `black` in your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before committing, run the following commands:
- `./manage.py test` (runs the test suite)
- `./manage.py lint` (runs the linter)
- `./manage.py format` (applies automatic code formatting on Python files)

or, to combine all three, simply run `./manage.py precommit`

You can also set up `pylint` and `black` in your IDE to avoid doing this manually all the time.
```
